# Sandbox Template for Modus-driven Application Development

Here you can find the project folder setup for developing MODUS-compatible applications using Angular.

### Prerequisites
Before you start using this project, make sure that you have Node.js installed in your local systems. To install Node.js, navigate to [Node.js Installation Page](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and select your OS and architecture and download the installer. Follow the simple instructions and you should be done with the installation in 5-10 minutes.

To check if Node.js is successfully installed on your machine, to the command prompt/terminal and type the follwing command:
```
node -v
```

This should give the node version installed on your local machine (like ```v20.15.0``` or so). If you're not able to see this output, try updating your system environment variables by providing the path to the ```npm``` folder.

### Project Setup
Once the Node.js setup is done, follow the instructions below to use the project:

- **STEP-1**: Clone this repository or download the zip file.
- **STEP-2**: After creating a copy of the project in your local directory, navigate to angular-sandbox directory using:

```
cd .\angular-sandbox\
```
- **STEP-3**: Install all the necessary NPM packages by running the command:
```
npm i
```
- **STEP-4**: To run the app, type in the following command in the terminal:
```
ng serve
```
 This will initiate your development server at ```http://localhost:4200/``` where you can see the UI generated by Angular.

#### Once you have the application up and running, you can start building your applications by using the code and script generated by the MODUS CODER application.

Now to consume the code and script given by MODUS CODER, you need to generate an Angular component first. You can do this by navigating to:

```
cd .\angular-sandbox\src\app\
```

After you are inside the app folder, you can generate a component by typing in the following command:
```
ng generate component <component-name>
```

For example, if you want to generate a component by the name "**sample**", you can do that using:
```
ng generate component sample
``` 

This will generate 4 files for you in the ```src/app/sample``` folder:
- ```sample.component.css```
- ```sample.component.html```
- ```sample.component.spec.ts```
- ```sample.component.ts```

Just copy the HTML code from the MODUS CODER application and paste it in the ```sample.component.html``` file. For script, you can copy TypeScript code from the MODUS CODER application and paste it in the ```sample.component.ts``` file. Ensure that the TypeScript code is pasted inside the **ngOnInit()** block in the ```sample.component.ts``` file.

```typescript
import { Component } from '@angular/core';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-sample',
  templateUrl: './sample.component.html',
  styleUrl: './sample.component.css'
})
export class SampleComponent {
  ngOnInit() {
    // Paste the TypeScript code here.
  }
}
```

The final step includes adding the component to the root html file. To do that, just add the following to the ```app.component.html``` file:
```html
<app-sample></app-sample>
```

With that, you can see the UI changes visible in your development server i.e., in ```http://localhost:4200/```.

This is just for one component. You can create and add code in multiple components based on your business logic by following the same approach as detailed above.